# 4th_Semester_Prototype
International motor Company's project for a car capable of driving on road and on water.Team's Trello:

AUTONOMOUS VEHICLE PROJECT 2020


(Unfinished) Development Agenda
________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

I.	Objectives & Aims
The main goal of this entire endeavour is to design and develop an amphibious autonomous vehicle. Its capabilities would include: Autonomous Path Finding, Obstacle Avoidance, Image Recognition, Amphibious Manoeuvrability, Manual Overtake via a User Interface.

II.	Resources Needed:
-	Two Batteries (one specifically for the motors, another one for the microcontrollers)
-	An Arduino Board
-	Two Raspberry Pi microcontrollers*
-	Breadboards
-	Four Wheels*
-	Two Motors
-	Raspberry Pi Camera
-	LIDAR Units
-	Digital Tools (Python, C/C++, R.O.S., Qt)

III. Chassis
The design of the chassis must be light, sturdy and water-resistant. The actual size of the vehicle will not be specified, but it should not over-exceed 1:10 (relative to the size of an actual car) in terms of dimensions.



Surface Traversing Design Concept
________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________


1.	Autonomous Path Finding
The direction and end-point of each autonomous driving task will be predetermined through a virtual map. The obstacles and details of each map will be autogenerated and mapped (predominantly) through the device’s LIDAR system.
Current Method: Create a sort of virtual map of arbitrary size which is divided in tiles. Every tile will be a node of a graph (Data structure). Free space node will be saved as 0 and obstacles will be saved as 1. 
Current Algorithms: A* Mapping, RTT (https://bit.ly/2z6FpFy)

2.	Obstacle Avoidance
The vehicle needs to be capable of the following:
-	Map and partially memorize its environment with the LIDAR system
-	Detect and recognize signs and unmappable obstacles with the Raspberry Pi Camera system
3. Ability to drive on water


•	Items marked with “ * ” are to be figured out in further detail later on in the development phase.
